# Thesis-reco
GOAL: apply the LPC algorithm on several patterns of event, in particular events with 2 and 3 tracks. Hence, I will take the lpc algorithm already implemented and I will improve it generalizing its usage for other patterns of events. I will have to be careful also to the presence of clusters. Their presence depends on the cut we choose. To avoid a too high influence of the cut in the analysis, we try to perform an analysis through the gradient: so we plot the gradient of the voxels instead of the voxel amplitude itself. In this way, the event is quite clear after half the number of iterations with respect to the other analysis.
An important part of this analysis is the choice of the parameters. The parameters we have to choose are: 
for DBSCAN algorithm that identifies clusters: 
* epsilon and minPoints: epsilon chosen looking at the kneighbour distance; minPoints as 2*nr_dim
for LPC:
* stepsize and bandwidth: chosen similar and similar to epsilon(?)
and the cut on the voxel amplitude

Sometimes we see that LPC algorithm stops before the end of the track. For this reason we need to find a way to make the LPC continue on the rest of the centers of the track. The idea is to exclude the points already analyzed by the LPC. To do so, the idea is to consider each LPC point and a fixed radius, then, if the centers are inside this radius, they are considered points already fit by the LPC (so called innerPoints), otherwise they are kept apart and then reprocessed with the LPC. Actually, to exclude points already passed by LPC, we applied a more strict condition, that is: if a point is inside at least 3 sphere generated by lpc points. This was done because at the edges there was an abundant part of points considered passed by lpc that actually weren't. So applying this we tried to reduce this part, mantaining the coverage on the transversal part. 

Another step in the analysis was to consider the angle between the segments that connect the lpc points. In fact, according to the paper, there should be a maximum of 1-cosPHI (where PHI is the angle between two segments) that corresponds to the vertex (almost). Practically, quite often is not so precise but it helps us in finding the point where we can separate the track in order to select two tracks of muon and proton. I already did this with the initial LPC points found by the first application of the algo. I'm finding difficulties in considering all the lpc points (so also the ones from the second application) and then compute the distances between all of them and then calculate the angle. This is useful also because the next step is to fit all the lpc points and at the end find the vertex position.
